adding dev mode feature flag to README (#909)
risc0/risc0: README.md

| Feature  | Target(s)         | Implies    | Description                                                                           | Crates                                      |
| -------- | ----------------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| cuda     |                   | prove, std | Turns on CUDA GPU acceleration for the prover. Requires CUDA toolkit to be installed. | risc0-circuit-rv32im, risc0-zkp, risc0-zkvm |

> | disable-dev-mode | all | | Disables dev mode so that the proving stage may not be skipped. For the verifier, enforces that dev mode receipts generated sans proving stage are invalid. | risc0-zkvm |

Reviewer: I feel like adding some detail about why you might want this would be helpful, although I'm also a bit worried that this entry is too long.
```suggestion
| disable-dev-mode | all | | Disables dev mode so that the proving stage may not be skipped. For the verifier, enforces that dev mode receipts generated sans proving stage are invalid. Used to prevent a misplaced `RISC0_DEV_MODE` from breaking security in production systems. | risc0-zkvm |
```

Reviewer 2: This is purely an internal flag used for testing. I think we should mark it as such and recommend that users ignore/don't use it.

> | disable-dev-mode | all | | Disables dev mode so that the proving stage may not be skipped. For the verifier, enforces that dev mode receipts generated sans proving stage are invalid. | risc0-zkvm |

Reviewer 3: I suggest we use the term "fake receipts" 
```suggestion
| disable-dev-mode | all | | Disables dev mode so that the proving stage may not be skipped. For the verifier, enforces that [fake receipts](https://docs.rs/risc0-zkvm/0.18.0/risc0_zkvm/enum.InnerReceipt.html#variant.Fake) are invalid. Used to prevent a misplaced `RISC0_DEV_MODE` from breaking security in production systems. | risc0-zkvm |
```
